C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.exe
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.deps.json
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.dll
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.pdb
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.dll
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\FitnessConsoleApp.dll
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.pdb
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\FitnessConsoleApp.dll
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.exe
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.deps.json
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.dll
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.pdb
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.dll
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\FitnessConsoleApp.dll
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.pdb
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\FitnessConsoleApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Ganotice\OneDrive\Desktop\BSCSAPPDEV\2ndyr\1st_sem\oop\reviewers\OOP Concept\FitnessConsoleApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\FitnessConsoleApp.dll
